Love song sung
For a million people
I don't just feel it
This street makes me love
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
The future looks more realistic
Than we ever imagined
Cars don't look like they will float
In the air anytime soon
And today, I get on the subway
Like always
Silent strangers leave me behind
On the street...so then
Lonely, lonely,
Even in the painful and frail night
Lonely, lonely, keep on
Giving me your original love
Lonely, lonely, longing for you,
My life is so cold
I decided I won't do
What I can't put into words
Only she can caress my heart,
I want to forget
Love me, love me
With strong and fragile heart
Kiss me, kiss me,
I worry in the lonely night
Wow! So many stars!
We hardly ever see
them like this in Tokyo.
Beautiful...
You are more beautiful.
Why are you trying
to be so smooth?
You're just Yoshikawa!
Uehara-san.
What is it...?
To tell you the truth,
for a long time...
(I've loved you. )
I'VE LOVED YOU
I WANT YOU...
It's too soon!
I'm not mentally prepared yet...
I'm not ready..!
A dream...
Why am I dreaming
about Yoshikawa?!
Good morning.
Why are you videotaping your
students?! You're a pervert!
It's a success!
Hey! Wait!
I've got a good one!
Hey! Wait..!
Good morning, Uehara-san!
Good morning...
Why am I avoiding eye contact?
What are you doing up
this early in the morning?
I couldn't sleep.
So I went for a walk.
The sunrise is really beautiful.
Why don't you come
and see it, too?
Why do I have to go to see
the sunrise with you?
What's the matter, Anko?
Nothing!
Why am I thinking of him?
That wimp!
It's because I had
a little scare last night...
...that's why I had
that weird dream.
I WANT YOU...
That's right! That's it!
No, Vice Principal!
You have to stay in bed.
How can I stay in bed?
If something happens
while I'm in bed...
Don't worry about it.
There's only one day
left on this school trip.
We're flying back
to Tokyo tomorrow.
Leave the students to us.
Give yourself time to heal.
Give myself time...
Come to think of it,
I haven't taken time for myself...
...in several years.
On weekdays, I oversee
the students and the faculty.
On Sundays I go golfing
for social reasons.
Once in a while
when I sleep in...
...my wife complains about
how late I'm sleeping in...
...and sucks my head
with a vacuum cleaner.
In the end,
she assigns me work...
...like cleaning the bathroom,
weeding, and shining shoes...
There is no time to get any rest.
One more day remaining...
That's right! Only one more day!
Get some courage and go for it!
But I get so nervous...
Don't worry about it!
That's what he's expecting.
What are you talking about?
Here. Thanks for waiting!
We're talking about boys!
We want to have good
memories of this trip.
So we're thinking
about calling the boys...
...and telling them
how we feel tonight...
Are you serious?
As a matter of fact...
...I already have a meeting
with a boy from Class 1.
Are you coming with us, too?
Well, I...
Watch out!
Did you see my bullet serve?!
That's too much!
Sorry! Are you all right?
- Yoshikawa!
- Are you all right, Anko?
I'm fine.
I'm so sorry...
Do you think your
apology is enough?
Because of you,
the frappe is ruined!
Replace it!
I'm sorry.
I'll get you another one.
Wait!
Why don't you
get one for us, too?!
What?!
It's common courtesy.
I want Tropical.
Ujikintoki for me! Thanks!
Forget about it!
It's just a frappe.
There's no need to replace it...
I wasn't paying attention, either.
A...Anko?
Yoshikawa!
What are you doing?!
It's your serve!
Hurry up and get back.
The idiot needs you.
Yeah...
Thank you.
What's going on?
What do you mean?!
You're being
too nice to Yoshikawa.
What...? No! I'm not!
See, Onizuka's watching.
If he finds out...
...we forced Yoshikawa
to spend money on us...
...I don't know what he'd do...
She has a good point.
Then why don't we go
back to the room...
...and secretly throw away
Yoshikawa's stuff?
Good one! He may cry again.
- Let's not do it...
- What?
If his stuff is missing...
...we would be the first suspects.
What's the matter
with you, Anko?
You're acting really weird.
What happened between
you and Yoshikawa yesterday?
What are you talking about?!
Nothing happened!
Are you, by chance,
in love with Yoshikawa?!
No way! I can't believe it!
No! Why would I be in love
with such a wimpy guy...?
- That's true...
- What?
There is no way
you could fall in love...
...with that hopeless nerd...
These guys..!
A...Anko...?
What's the matter with her?
I don't know...
Hmm...
STAR SAND
Why are they so worried about...
...their memories
of the school trip?
It's so stupid!
If they want memories,
why don't they buy a Caesar trinket?
Hey, look!
It says these sands make
your love wishes come true!
Wow! It does!
How cute!
I'm gonna buy this!
This is mine!
Love wishes come true...
Hey, Uehara!
What are you looking at?
Are you looking for a souvenir?
Why are you so jumpy?
Sand of the stars... Not bad.
I wasn't looking at them!
What wish do you
want to come true?
I told you
I wasn't looking at them!
Don't be embarrassed.
Why don't you talk to me?
I'm a PE teacher,
and I'm always ready to listen...
...to any student
with love troubles.
Don't be ashamed.
Your tears are
the sweat of your heart.
If you run toward
the setting sun, all of your troubles...
-...will go away!
- I told you, no thank you!
You're so persistent.
Look at my strength and power...
Wow! Look at this!
It says, "Get them as a pair!
Pendants with names."
Cute! Should I buy them?
Huh...
Wow. These have the sand, too.
Interesting!
ANKO
GET A PAIR WITH A BOY!
Noboru...
NOBORU
What am I doing?!
No! You shouldn't rely
on something like this!
If you like him,
you have to tell him so!
He can't make up his mind.
So you have to make your move.
But...
So put it down. Don't worry.
I'll be cheering for you.
If you don't tell him how
you're feeling about him...
...you will regret it.
I will...?
Yeah!
Everyone is acting so giddy!
It's so stupid...
KIMIGA HOSHII (I WANT YOU)
YATU CHAE (DO IT)
I have to spend
the last day in Okinawa...
...in my pajamas
in the hospital...
Hmm. I guess
I can't fight my age.
I, who was trained
in the mountaineering club...
...in college... What a pity...
It's all Onizuka's fault!
If he had not taken the students
to that uninhabited island...
... I wouldn't have had to chase
them, lose control of the jet ski...
...and reach Iriomote Island
out of control.
And then end up getting
stuck in that fishing net!
That Onizuka..!
He should be fired!
Instead of cutting my travel
and social expenses...
...he should be laid off.
Given the current economy...
... we can't afford to have...
...such an incompetent
teacher on our staff!!
Yes?
I came to say hi.
To see me?
You came all this way?
I was worried.
I heard you had fallen down...
But I'm glad... you look well.
You seem to have energy, too.
What's happening?
It's been ten years since I had
my last homeroom class...
There have been no students
who care about me...
Is it all right to put
away these flowers?
Ah... Yeah...
What's your name?
My name is Megumi Asakura.
I'm in Class 4.
I see... Class 4...?
Class 4 is that idiot
Onizuka's class.
What does this mean?
I wonder if he sent...
...this female student...
...as an assassin?
Cheeky.
I suppose he hid
something in those flowers.
Maybe a bee... Or a jackknife!
Shoot!
I won't be fooled! Onizuka!
A Kunoichi sent by you
won't take me in!
Oh, shoot.
I took time to pick these...
Is this a sexual trap, Onizuka?!
We want to have good
memories of the school trip.
So we're thinking
about calling the boys...
...and telling them
how we feel tonight...
Good memories...
Why am I thinking
of Yoshikawa now?!
I hate this! There are
so many good-looking boys.
Why Yoshikawa?!
Am I really in love
with Yoshikawa...?
What should I do?
I... I'm sorry!
I didn't know you were
taking a shower... Well...
Shut up! Get out right now!
- Hurry up! Now!
- Yes!
Anko! Are you ready...?
Sorry to disturb you!
Hey, wait a minute!
You've misunderstood!
What are you going to do?
They've got the wrong idea!
I'm sorry!
Yoshikawa...
What?
It's the last night in Okinawa.
Aren't you going out?
Well... Kikuchi's playing
Hanafuda (flower cards)...
...with Murai and the other guys...
I see...
Hey...
What?
If you want, we...
So on our last night
in Okinawa, we could...
I wonder who it is...
Is Yoshikawa in?
Yes...
If you don't tell him how
you're feeling about him...
...you will regret it.
Why do I have to...?!
Well...
Good luck!
Uehara-san...?
Regarding the reports
on this school trip...
...we'll collect them
in the second term.
As the literary
committee member...
...please tell your classmates.
Ah...yes.
This is so stupid!
Why am I getting so serious?
It's just Yoshikawa!
Whoever he goes out with
has nothing to do with me!
Uehara-san.
What are you doing?!
You like Yoshikawa, don't you?!
What are you talking about?!
Oh, no! Yoshikawa...
Yoshikawa... No!
I'm not mentally prepared.
You're the worst!
That camera is
worth 148,000 yen!
It's the vice principal's, though...
Shut up, you perverted teacher!
I'll expose you on the TV show!
My ideal is a wild guy
like Brad Pitt!
There is no way
I could fall in love...
...with a wimpy guy
like Yoshikawa!
What? Do you want
to say something?
Do you want to say
a man shouldn't be judged...
...by his appearance
or something?
No... Yoshikawa
is certainly a wimp.
He is short, and he isn't strong.
No athletic ability.
Even the girls pick on him...
...and he isn't circumcised.
He doesn't even have
any hair down there...
And he's not smart, either.
His appeal as a male is zero...
What? You don't
need to say all that...
You aren't honest
with your feelings.
Right, Uehara?
You can't have a love affair...
...if you don't show
your true feelings.
A brat who is afraid to be hurt
isn't qualified to love someone.
I don't care about Yoshikawa!
What is it?!
You're an extremely
twisted woman.
All right! I will thoroughly
straighten you out.
Leave it to me! All right?!
What a refreshing feeling!
It's been a while since I've
had a feeling of satisfaction...
What a dirty trick, Onizuka!
Although I went to the club
and requested...
...the roles of a teacher
and his female student...
...don't underestimate me..!
This won't tempt me..!
Well, teacher...
Do you remember me?
What...what are
you talking about?
How could I remember you...?
Like I thought,
you don't remember...
...the thing you
told me that time...
I don't know!
I didn't say anything!
I don't know
which club you belong to...
...but it isn't legally binding...
You told me a story
about a sunflower...
You don't remember it...
I was very moved at that time...
I was a transfer student...
...and I had no friends...
I was so sad
that I wanted to cry.
During the break...
...I often sat alone in front
of the sunflower beds.
Then you came
to me and said...
... "Do you know...
... why the sunflower
is called a Sunflower?"
"It's because it always
blooms toward the sun. "
"When the sun goes east,
it faces to the east...
...and when it is in the west,
it faces to the west. "
"It's a flower that looks
for the sun and blooms. "
"It blooms as a smiling
yellow flower every day. "
"So if you're having a bad day,
you can come here...
...and talk to
the sunflowers every day. "
"Then you'll be fine. "
Those words opened my eyes!
I thought the flowers
had defeated me, too.
So since then I always try
to smile like those sunflowers.
Then I made many friends!
All because of you!
You gave me courage.
Someday
I want to be a teacher...
... who can give courage
to others like you did.
I'm a little embarrassed
to have admitted this to you...
So I'm leaving.
Please get well soon
and inspire me again.
Excuse me!
What am I doing?
Doubting the student?
When things don't go well,
I hate the students...
...and I hate
my colleagues and society.
I'm the bad one, because
I cannot trust other people!
Where did that man go,
who came through the gate...
...29 years ago with ideals
and hope for education...?
I'll start again
from the beginning.
Go back to that time...
... when I was pure
as a teacher and as a person!
As a teacher!
It's our last night in Okinawa...
...so how did I get stuck
looking after the vice principal?
Onizuka-sensei has
disappeared, too...
Excuse me!
Fuyutsuki-sensei.
I'm going back now.
But what about your condition?
It's all right. See? I'm fine!
And...
Right now,
I feel like I'm born again.
The best medicine
for a teacher is...
...to see the students'
bright smiles.
Vice Principal...
Let's go...
Fuyutsuki-chan!
I've been looking all over for you.
You've been here all this time?
I have something
I need your help with.
The vice principal is...
Don't worry about him.
Please help me.
Onizuka!
Get up! Everyone, get up!
Get up! Get up!
What's going on?
It's the middle of the night!
Leave me alone...
What's going on?
Idiots! You're students!
Can't you stay up late?!
Hey, hey! Get up! Now!
It's our last night in Okinawa...
...and the special event
begins right now!
Special event? What is he...?
Could he be...?!
Where is our future going?
Maybe it knows of this aimless
journey and simply flew away
If you can stop our gloomy days
I will listen to all you say
However much we have,
There is always something lacking
The wind will always blow
And carry the scent away
I am searching for our future now
Don't laugh because
It may really go away
Remember these
Strained words I say
The night is almost over,
So let's run through this moment
All we have is this precious moment
Before the endless night begins
Embrace this precious night
NEXT EPISODE
I want you in pairs!
Pairs of boys and girls?!
Leave her alone!
I can't help loving him!
Sea turtle!
SEE YA NEXT TIME